h2. General administration

h3. Plugins

h4. List of default plugins

h5. Feevy

New blogs and posts in the Blogsfera will be directly updated in your Feevy. To configure it, you need  to configure this file: _wp-content/mu-plugins/feevy.php_
You'll need a Feevy account to activate this plugin.
"A Feevy panel in the administration should be available soon":http://lasindias.lighthouseapp.com/projects/13796/tickets/4-add-administration-panel-for-feevy-portal

@@@
define('API_KEY','');		# Your Feevy api key, available at: http://feevy.com/api/view_key
define('FEEVY_CODE','');	# Your feevy code, the number appearing in your Feevy javascript code: http://feevy.com/admin/
@@@

h5. MuSearch

This plugin will allow you to search the entire blogsfera by blog title, post title or author. Widgets are available on Blogsfera portal to display a search box and the results.

h5. MuTags

This plugin will allow you to search the entire blogsfera by tags. Widgets are available on Blogsfera portal to display a search box and the results.

h5. Plugin Commander

This is an helper for the Blogsfera administrator to quickly install, activate or desactivate plugins for the entire Blosgfera. You'll learn more about this plugins in the next chapters.

h5. Profile Picture

Adds picture to Author profile.

h5. SocialMu

A social networking plugin that's used on the Community portal, it could easily be use for other parts of the Blogsfera.

h5. Widget Subscribe

Widget that would allow users to subscribe or unsubscribe to a blog. When a new post ill be publish on a subscribe blog, this user will receive a notification.

h5. Zappo Wpmu Topposts

Simple WordPressMU plugin for tracking top posts and top blogs. Inspired by WordPress.com's Top Posts feature, devloped in the style of wp-shortstats.

h4. Install a new plugin

h4. Activate plugins for all Blogsfera

h4. Activate plugins for a single blog

h3. Users

h3. Blogs

h3. Options

h2. Users

h3. Creation

h3. Profile modification

h2. Blogs

h3. Creation

h3. Administration

h2. Portals

h3. Blogsfera portal

All widgets code is in _wp-content/mu-plugins/portal_widgets.php_
Some referenced methods are available in _wp-includes/wpmu-functions.php_

h4. Widgets description

*Recent articles* : Show last articles from the blogsfera.

*Avisos* : Display last news from another blog. Blog_id is 2 by default.

*Search* : Display search boxes. Depends on Mu_Search plugin.

*Chat* : Display a chat box. Depends on Wordspew plugin.

*Mas Activos* : Display most active blogs, the ones with the biggest number of posts. 10 blogs are displayed by default

*Mas Leidos* : Display most read blogs. Depends on Zappo Wpmu Topposts plugin.

*My Blogs* : Display list of owner blog and administration link.

*News* : Display last post from Blogsfera portal.

*Search Results* : Display search results.

*Tags Results* : Display tag results.

*Tags* : Display a tag cloud.

*User recientes* : Display avatars of recent users. 20 users are displayed by default.

h4. Widgets management

h3. Feevy Portal

h3. Community Portal